1	Ollie	Founder of our Open. Early 3x champ, All-VVC center on the gridiron for the Gilman Owls.  Failed spelling at GHS.
2	Oak	Folks from Tuscola have a screw loose – Oak got some decent wiring.   New knees find him clicking and possibly adding to his magor resume.   Oak & Harry Carey – they don’t spend money, they abuse it (Jimmy Piersall)
3	Mig	The GOAT in every respect.  Duck only married Mickey for Mig. 18x – many think he is done (is there a Jack in the future?).    Good man to know if you need a grill – just don’t have him deliver it. 
4	Stu	Early 2x champ and a co-Owl in the GHS class of ’78 with Duck (note – Willie didn’t graduate).  Splitting 4th qtr between FL and WI.    
5	Rae	We were so blessed when Dogg and Rae joined the tour.  Rae is short for “radar” – ball is ALWAYS  going in the hole (especially on chips and putts).    Trust but validate – Chinese proverb 
6	Moose	Named himself after taking a “10” / “Moose” on a hole.  Underachiever best describes golf resume – overachiever in life – True.
7	Duck King	FKA as “Chief” is Oll’s official secretary of the Open.   Would rather golf than do anything else in the World.    AKA as “pipeline” for straight drives.     
8	Patrick / FiFi King	Son of Duck and the first lefty on the Tour.  Named after the neighbor’s cat from Oll and Duck’s childhood (in legendary Gilman, IL).
9	Jay	Blood relative of Mig - early success on the tour with 2 major championships to prove it.  True Geneseo Maple Leaf born, raised and now building all the houses in the town.   
10	Butsy	Youngest of the Owl clan – View of the Gilman Ditch from his patio growing up (no doubt molding him into the man he is today)
11	Camel	Cam truly introduced Golf to EIU Panthers on the tour – Thomas Hall 1979.   Always been a fair-weather fan, a loyal one he’s not – good to remember.
12	RGIII	Named after football play RGIII (don’t believe related). Cousin of Mig & Jay (Blood) and Duck (not Blood).   He has learned – the OO starts on the back 9 on Sunday . . .
13	Bryan A.	Oak son-in-law.   California native.   Always smiling and improving exponentially since moving to IL.
14	Woody	The ‘long drink of water’ with a smile a mile wide. Critical Advice - If you want to play well tomorrow, don’t have Wood pour your drinks today.    
15	Theo	Morton Potter and lifelong friend of FiFi, Duck & Bloomer.   Generally runs a little late but arrives with a lot of pop in that simple lefty swing!   
16	Bloomer	Former Potter relocated to the desert sun of Arizona.   Underachiever in the Open to date (2026).    Last chance in ’26 as marriage in ’27. (The End) pun intended.
17	Tom Thornton	Geneseo native but adult life in FL – heading north for inaugural Open.    Mystery game – no info available.   Excited to see what kind of stick Tom brings . . .
18	Steve Koch	New to the Open, but lifelong player from Oak Park Fenwick.   BSS Tar with Duck and God.   No swearing around Steve and Duck.  Thank you in advance.
19	Mitchell Bottorff  	Busty son and another youngie improving every round.    Bear lover with Dad and W – all others are fake (fact).    When consistency hits his bag, watch your wallets.
20  Ted Duke	Ollie’s friend from grocery days (Oll meat / Ted lettuce) – wonderful man with even wonderfuller short game – Ted would get up & down in jungle – Fact.
21  Crowbar Murray	Don’t blink or the ball is in the air – Tuscolaite and EIUite.  Oak and CB share the Tuscola heritage – you only shake your head when listening . . . 
22  Obes 	Close your eyes and listen – hear the laugh? Best laugher in the World and another famous EIU alumni.  Swing smoother than a cat’s <you know what>.
23  Bob Vogrich	Another Owl who makes the annual trek generally for the Fri round.   “Vog” was one of the very few who studied at Gilman High School – shame on him.  
24  World Shields	World is short for the “World’s Most Interesting Man”   Befriend him as he controls the World.    Example - Has diverted rain from the Open on multiple occasions.   Retired and playing more – watch out!  
Dude Gerdes (1961 -2008)	We lost him too young – he was only 47 years old.   The Open was Dudes scene – being with friends, laughing and playing golf (horribly if he was in Duck’s group).   RIP Dude - we love you!
Darin “Dogg” Smith	Excellent golfer – ran into health issues too young and no long physically plays but is always with us in spirit.  Extremely knowledgeable and will be Duck’s caddy in our next life. 
Tom “Puff” Fine	Dude’s best friend from Springfield – great addition to the Open and played until Dude’s passing – Dude, Puff and a full cooler – there was nothing better!
Mike “Matty” Mathews	The Voice of ISU and a great stick – forbidden from winning – permanent withdraw after Duck about rolled the cart down the bluff on # 12 at Weaver – he walked the next 3-4 holes.
Tommy “Weed” “Skip” Seeforth	Now in Louisville and hard for him to make it up to the Open – Moose was de-invited in the early years to make room for Weed (true story).   The boom of his dynamite will always echo in Open history.   
John Sherman 	Son of Oak & Tracy – another long drink of water with a beautiful swing – limited appearances but hopefully more in future years!
Timmy & Michael Miller	Stu’s boys from Chicago – they make an occasional trek down for a day of the Open – always wonderful to have the oldies’ offspring playing in the Open!
Kevin “Mue” Mueser	Played many of the early years of the Open – sweet swing with a sweeter demeanor.   Wonderful friend who still sticks his head in occasionally at the Open. 
Jordan “Gordo” Mueser	Mue’s son – strong stick in high school.    Played a few opens (too good to qualify for “W”) – moved away for college and thereafter.    A lot of fun memories with Gordo and Mue!
Bryan “Chink” Berndt	College friend of BlueJay – from Pekin hence the name Chink (creatively coined by Duck).   Fri only these early years – see more in the future!
Jim “Shep” Shepherd	Shep played in the early years.   Only barefoot player in Open history (picture to prove it) and maybe golf history.   Excellent player and introduced a few of us to Lick Creek – a good memory.
Kevin “Kayk” Eiman	Kayk short for “cake eater” – for he was in college in his early years of the Open.   Gilman native but adult life in Colorado has not worked out to play in the Open. 
Zach Freeman	Woody’s son-in-law.    Occasional visitor to the Open to play with the long drink.  Very nice young man, lefty and hopefully more Open rounds in his future!
Rob Ginder	Moose’s brother-in-law was in town for one Open and played – good stick!  Ginder’s like golf and an occasional drink.   Great people!  
Greg “Banger” Bange	Homer native – another interesting hometown.   Only played a few Opens but a frequent Orlandoer– best storyteller in history – have Banger tell you about Leo (from Homer) if you run into him.    
